fix: Client crashing on firefox private window (#32807)
RocketChat/Rocket.Chat: .changeset/new-balloons-speak.md

---
'@rocket.chat/meteor': patch
---

> Fixed web client crashing on firefox private window. We use serviceWorkers for end to end encrypted file messages, this service worker is not available for firefox private window, so handled that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed web client crashing on Firefox private window. Firefox disables access to service workers inside private windows. Rocket.Chat needs service workers to process E2EE encrypted files on rooms. These types of files won't be available inside private windows, but the rest of E2EE encrypted features should work normally
```

wdyt?
